As expected of a two-time beauty pageant champion
This fresh and refined temperament
Not at all like our countrymen
This Tao Wenming is a college student
Isn't that a city person?
What is it?
So happy you don't
Score 95 points
Now let's have the last contestant
I must be the champion today
Miss Jiang Lili takes the stage
Zhang Lili Qiaoxin is about to start
Brother An, you just heard that my sister-in-law caught up.
Lin Ange
I knew you would come to see me. I shouldn't have left
What about Jiang Lili?
I don't know, Brother Lin
He may not dare to come on stage compared to me
Miss Jiang Lili, please come to the stage
What's the situation?
I don't know.
Why haven't you come on stage yet?
I'm still waiting for the joke. Yeah?
This Tao Huimin wins the championship every year
I'm tired of watching it recently
I also heard that this time there is a 150kg big fat woman
Must come to the competition
I came here specially to watch the fun
As expected of you, you are afraid of being too fat and ugly, and you are afraid of losing face. Go to the sun
Yeah, it's boring.
I heard that woman's waist is as thick as a bucket
Meatballs are as fat as a bathtub
I really want to see him on this stage
Does this table have to be wiped?
Hahahaha go
I want to hear your face erupting here
Sister-in-law doesn't come
Hearing these eaves every day will give you
Brother Lin, Jiang Linli must have no good intentions
Don't be quick
He's not coming now to embarrass you here alone
You shut up too
Hey, the host has been here for 10 minutes and no one has come yet.
Or let's announce the result
If Miss Jiang Lippi doesn't appear again
Will be considered a waiver
Then tonight's championship will be won by our Tao
Miss Huimin, wait a minute